champion and this is Cosmo as in the
cocktail cosmopolitan and he is the CEO
of the company I've been told over and
over that I should write a book well
it's now time to tell the exciting
stories in the first half plus century
I've been schmoozing my way getting into
trouble traveling the globe eating in
the best restaurants and receiving
worldwide coverage for attending Michael
Jackson's memorial in addition but
caviar and Royal Ascot recently there's
also the Academy Awards becoming a
racing car driver at the age of 50
Godwin and competing in the US
MasterChef and coming runner-up for the
United States the winner going on to the
finals of MasterChef USA is Lynn
champion all the while becoming a
successful entrepreneur my motto work
hard play hard but it hasn't always been
like this there is more to the story
join me as I rock on into the next half
century as a cougar on the prowl killer
Hills Botox late nights
being naughty and what's more schmoozing
all contribute to this Wild Ride
continuing